So let's go on the left hand side
under endpoint services to create a private link
for one of our services.
So if we do so, we have to name it
which was a log-end user type.
So, you will choose network
and then you will need to specify a network load balancer
in here that you have created from before.
So once the NLB is created,
then you can specify additional settings for your endpoint
whether or not you want acceptance.
And then the supported IP you want for that private link.
IPv4 or IPv6.
So we can't do this right now
but we would have here an endpoint service connected
to our network balancer.
And then to link it to your VPC, you would go on Endpoint.
You would create an endpoint.
And this time, instead of choosing AWS services as the type
of the endpoint, you would use a other endpoint services
and you would type the service name
you would've obtained from the previous step.
Then you would deploy this in the VPC.
For example, the demo VPC and voila.
You would have a private connection from one service
in another VPC to your own VPC privately
without either going to the public internet, okay?
That's it for this lecture, very theoretical
but I wanted to show you the options.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.